# List of built-in abilities
see_in_dark
swim
detect_weak_walls
lift
tunic
sword
shield
see_dungeon_minimap_rooms
see_dungeon_minimap_elements
open_dungeon_big_locks
open_dungeon_boss_lock
open_small_locks

# List of equipment items
# This list determines the equipment, the treasures and the pickable items

[equipment_item.feather]
name = Feather
savegame_variable = 1100
can_be_assigned = true

[equipment_item.bombs]
name = Bombs
savegame_variable = 1101
can_be_assigned = true
counter = 1024

[equipment_item.pickable_bombs]
name = Pickable bombs
changes_counter = bombs
nb_variants = 3
amount_1 = 1
amount_2 = 5
amount_3 = 10
brandish_when_picked = false

[equipment_item.bomb_bag]
name = Bomb bag
savegame_variable = 1024
limit_for_counter = bombs
nb_variants = 3
amount_1 = 10
amount_2 = 30
amount_3 = 99

[equipment_item.bow]
name = Bow
savegame_variable = 1102
can_be_assigned = true
counter = 1025

[equipment_item.pickable_arrows]
name = Arrows
changes_counter = bow
nb_variants = 3
amount_1 = 1
amount_2 = 5
amount_3 = 10
brandish_when_picked = false

[equipment_item.quiver]
name = Quiver
savegame_variable = 1025
limit_for_counter = bow
nb_variants = 3
amount_1 = 10
amount_2 = 30
amount_3 = 99

[equipment_item.boomerang]
name = Boomerang
savegame_variable = 1103
can_be_assigned = true

[equipment_item.lamp]
name = Lamp
savegame_variable = 1104
can_be_assigned = true
ability = see_in_dark

[equipment_item.hookshot]
name = Hookshot
savegame_variable = 1105
can_be_assigned = true

[equipment_item.bottle_1]
name = Bottle 1
savegame_variable = 1106
can_be_assigned = true
ability = bottle

[equipment_item.pegasus_shoes]
name = Pegasus Shoes
savegame_variable = 1107
can_be_assigned = true

[equipment_item.mystic_mirror]
name = Mystic Mirror
savegame_variable = 1108
can_be_assigned = true

[equipment_item.cane_of_somaria]
name = Cane of Somaria
savegame_variable = 1109
can_be_assigned = true

[equipment_item.apples]
name = apples
savegame_variable = 1110
can_be_assigned = true
counter = 1028
limit = 10

[equipment_item.pains_au_chocolat]
name = Pains au chocolat
savegame_variable = 1111
can_be_assigned = true
counter = 1026
limit = 10

[equipment_item.croissants]
name = Croissants
savegame_variable = 1112
can_be_assigned = true
counter = 1027
limit = 10

[equipment_item.bottle_2]
name = Bottle 2
savegame_variable = 1113
can_be_assigned = true
ability = bottle

[equipment_item.rock_key]
name = Rock key
savegame_variable = 1114

[equipment_item.red_key]
name = Red key
savegame_variable = 1115

[equipment_item.clay_key]
name = Clay key
savegame_variable = 1116

[equipment_item.level_4_way_bone_key]
name = Apple pie / Gold bars / Edelweiss / Bone key
savegame_variable = 1117
nb_variants = 4

[equipment_item.flippers]
name = Flippers
savegame_variable = 1118
ability = swim

[equipment_item.magic_cape]
name = Magic cape
savegame_variable = 1119
ability = detect_weak_walls

[equipment_item.bottle_3]
name = Bottle 3
savegame_variable = 1120
ability = bottle

[equipment_item.iron_key]
name = Iron key
savegame_variable = 1121

[equipment_item.stone_key]
name = Stone key
savegame_variable = 1122

[equipment_item.wooden_key]
name = Wooden key
savegame_variable = 1123

[equipment_item.ice_key]
name = Ice key
savegame_variable = 1124

[equipment_item.glove]
name = Glove
savegame_variable = 1125
nb_variants = 2
ability = lift

[equipment_item.fire_stones]
name = Fire stones
savegame_variable = 1126
counter = 1029

[equipment_item.fire_stone]
name = Fire stone
changes_counter = fire_stones
amount = 1

[equipment_item.bottle_4]
name = Bottle 4
savegame_variable = 1127
ability = bottle

[equipment_item.tunic]
name = Tunic
nb_variants = 3
initial_variant = 1
ability = tunic

[equipment_item.sword]
name = Sword
nb_variants = 4
ability = sword

[equipment_item.shield]
name = Shield
nb_variants = 3
ability = shield

[equipment_item.world_map]
name = World map
savegame_variable = 1031
ability = see_outside_world_minimap

[equipment_item.rupee_bag]
name = Rupee bag
limit_for_counter = money
nb_variants = 3
initial_variant = 1
amount_1 = 100
amount_2 = 300
amount_3 = 999

[equipment_item.map]
name = Dungeon map
ability = see_dungeon_minimap_rooms

[equipment_item.compass]
name = Dungeon compass
ability = see_dungeon_minimap_elements

[equipment_item.big_key]
name = Dungeon big key
ability = open_dungeon_big_locks

[equipment_item.boss_key]
name = Dungeon boss key
impact = dungeon
ability = open_dungeon_boss_lock

[equipment_item.dungeon_small_key]
name = Small key
brandish_when_picked = false
ability = open_small_locks

[equipment_item.rupee]
name = Rupee
changes_counter = money
nb_variants = 3
amount_1 = 1
amount_2 = 5
amount_3 = 20
brandish_when_picked = false

[equipment_item.magic_flask]
name = Magic flash
changes_counter = magic
nb_variants = 2
amount_1 = 6
amount_2 = 42
brandish_when_picked = false

[equipment_item.heart]
name = Heart
changes_counter = life
amount = 1
brandish_when_picked = false

[equipment_item.heart_container]
name = Heart container
changes_counter = max_life

[equipment_item.piece_of_heart]
name = Piece of heart

[equipment_item.fairy]
name = Fairy

